Link to a URLHow do I use the Scan Only or Scan & Pay Tabs in the Starbucks Mobile app? - Video Tutorial
What is the Spring coupon offer?
How do I check my Starbucks Card balance?
What are the sizes of Starbucks drinks?
What is Earth Month Game?
What is the Earn More Stars With PayPal Offer?
How do I redeem my Birthday Reward?  Where can I redeem my Birthday Reward?
Why can't I sign in to my Starbucks.com account?
How can I comment or give feedback about an experience I had in a Starbucks store?
How do free refills work?
How do I register my Starbucks Card online?
How can I update my Starbucks.com email address?
What is Starbucks Return Policy?
How can I transfer the balance from one Starbucks Card to another?
What can I redeem my Reward for?
What is receipt verification for Starbucks products bought in grocery stores?
How do I qualify for a Birthday Reward? Will I get my Birthday Reward automatically every year? When can I use it?
What should I do if my Starbucks Card is lost or stolen?
Why did I not get my Bonus Stars?
What is a Star Code? How do I redeem a Star Code?
Link to a URLHow do I use the Scan Only or Scan & Pay Tabs in the Starbucks Mobile app? - Video Tutorial
What is the Spring coupon offer?
How do I check my Starbucks Card balance?
What are the sizes of Starbucks drinks?
What is Earth Month Game?
Where can I find allergen information?
How and where do I redeem my Rewards?
How can I update my Starbucks.com profile information?
Can I get a refund on my purchase using the new ways to pay and earn Stars?
How old do I have to be to work at Starbucks?
Why is Starbucks paying partners to get the COVID-19 vaccine?
When should I submit a Star Code or use receipt verification?
How can I access WiFi in Starbucks stores?
Do my Stars expire?
How do I add a Starbucks Card to my Apple Wallet?
I forgot to scan before I paid for my order. Can I still get Stars?
How can I purchase a physical Starbucks Card online?
I just joined the Starbucks Rewards program. When will I get my Birthday Reward?
How do I reload my Starbucks Card?
How will I know that an eGift has been sent or received?
Having problems using your Starbucks Mobile app?
What are my benefits as a Starbucks Rewards  member?
My birthday is incorrect on my account. How can I update this?
What are the new ways to pay and earn Stars with Starbucks Rewards and the Starbucks app? How do I pay with cash, credit/debit, or mobile wallets and earn Stars?
Can I get a receipt for my Scan & Pay or mobile orders with credit/debit card?
How do I enable JavaScript?
How do I pick up my Mobile Order & Pay order?
How can I find a Starbucks location near me?
Which grocery store products can I earn Stars on?  How many Stars will I earn?
Can I cash out my Starbucks Card?
I need to reset my Password, but the link I received is expired.
Where can I use my Starbucks Card?
How can I see if a store is closed or has modified operations during the COVID-19 pandemic?
What if my Star balance doesn’t look right? How long does it take for my Stars to appear?
When will my Mobile Order be ready?
How do I exchange my unwanted gift card(s) for a Starbucks Card eGift?
How does my organization receive a donation from Starbucks?
What is Auto-Reload?  How do I set up or change Auto-Reload settings on my Starbucks Card?
What are Stars and how do I earn them?
What are Double Star Days and how do I participate?
Can I earn more than one Reward before I redeem? Is there a limit to how many Rewards I can have at any given time?
My email is being used by another account. What should I do?
How do I join Starbucks Rewards? How does it work?
I am having trouble reloading my Starbucks Card online or through the Starbucks Mobile app. What can I do?
Can I send an eGift via iMessage to an email address or someone with an Android?
Can I purchase Starbucks Cards in bulk?
Why do I have a negative Star balance?
Can I return a Starbucks Card that I purchased or received as a gift?
Why isn’t iced coffee or iced tea 50 Stars?
How do I delete a Starbucks Card in the Starbucks app for iPhone?
How can I request that a Starbucks store open in my neighborhood?
What kind of milk alternatives are available?
We're so sorry!
Sending and Receiving an eGift in Microsoft Teams - Frequently Asked Questions
If I submit a request to cash out my Starbucks Card online, what happens if the balance of the Card changes?
My beverage is highly customized. Do I now have to stack Rewards?
How can I change the Starbucks Mobile app location service default?
Can I order multiple Starbucks Cards for employees, clients or customers?
Do Star Codes expire?
Can I switch between payment options in the Starbucks app? Can I use and pay with multiple payment methods or Starbucks Cards and earn Stars?
Why did I receive a refund for my purchase on a Starbucks Store Credit card?
How do I opt in to receive special offers and promotional emails from Starbucks?
What if I pay for my transaction partially with my registered Starbucks Card and partially with another form of payment? Will I still earn Stars?
How do I change my primary phone number in 2-Factor Authentication?
How do I qualify for a cup discount?
Why did I not get that promotional offer?
Do I have to reload my Starbucks Card with the Starbucks® Rewards Visa® Card through the app or online at app.starbucks.com/?
What are Bonus Stars?
With the lobby area being closed during the COVID-19 outbreak, how can I receive a refill?
Can I choose which item I get for free with my Reward?
I can't find my Starbucks Cards in the Starbucks mobile app. What should I do?
Link to a URLHow do I customize my beverage in the Starbucks Mobile app? - Video Tutorial
Can I use the Starbucks app on multiple devices?
Why can’t I earn Bonus Stars at all Starbucks locations?
Are baristas required to get the COVID-19 vaccine in order to work in a store?
How does a customer order ahead when ordering  through Starbucks® Pickup?
What are all the ways to earn Stars with Starbucks Rewards?
If I have joined, activated or opted into an offer through email, do I have to repeat the same actions for the same offer I see in the app?
Starbucks Security Video Request - Frequently Asked Questions
How can I remove myself from your email list?
Can I track my progress in the program and see how many Stars I have earned?
Will Starbucks Rewards be recognized at all Starbucks stores?
What should I do if I change my device and want to use the Starbucks app on my new one?
Why should I register my Starbucks Card at Starbucks.com?
How can I exchange a gift card for a Starbucks Card eGift?
How many Starbucks Cards can I register to my Starbucks.com account?
How many Rewards can I redeem for?
I’d like to open a Starbucks Franchise in Europe, how do I do that?
I lost my phone. How can I access my 2-Factor Authentication account?
How do I add, change or remove my mobile phone in 2-Factor Authentication?
Is a Starbucks Store Credit card the same as Starbucks Card?
I received an eGift with the iMessage app about a month ago and now I can’t find it in my text history.
How do I change my Default or Primary Card on the Starbucks app?
I have a Teavana gift card, what should I do?
Can I still pay with a physical Starbucks Card and earn Stars?
Where do I find my offers on my mobile app? I don’t see them.
Link to a URLHow do I send a Starbucks Card from the Starbucks Mobile app? - Video Tutorial
Can more than one person share an account?
How do I protect my Starbucks account information if I lose my phone that had the Starbucks mobile app on it?
I just tried to log in to my Starbucks app or create an account on my Android but I am seeing a blank screen. How can I fix this?
Can I reload my Starbucks Card on my phone?
Where can I see the Stars earned through purchases and reloads with my Starbucks Rewards™ Visa® Card?
I heard Starbucks recently made updates to Starbucks Rewards and the Starbucks app. What changed?
Can I redeem my Stars for Rewards in Canada?
Can I reload the balance on my Starbucks Rewards™ Visa® Prepaid Card within the Starbucks Mobile app?
Where can I find Starbucks Reserve® Coffee?
What is 2-Factor Authentication?
What items are not eligible to earn Stars on?
Can I access store WiFi if I don't provide my information?
How can I access my Starbucks Card on my phone if I can’t use the app?
Is Starbucks getting rid of straws completely?
Why doesn't my Starbucks store show up on the Store Finder map?
Is there a limit to the number of Star Codes I can enter each day?
What if another customer is not wearing a facial covering?
How do I choose which store to place my order at with Mobile Order & Pay?
How do I enroll in 2-Factor Authentication?
Can I pay with cash when I order through Starbucks® Pickup?
How do I unenroll from 2-Factor Authentication?
Who can leave a comment on a Starbucks.com blog?
What if I have multiple devices?
Where can I find out about internship opportunities?
Why did I not get certain promotional offers in my app?
How many Stars will I earn if I reload my Starbucks Card with my Starbucks® Rewards Visa® Card?
Where can I apply for the Starbucks Rewards™ Visa® Prepaid Card?
What do I do if I forgot my Career Center password?
What is Starbucks® Pickup?
Where is my credit card information stored?
Where do I find my Starbucks Cards in the app?
Will I have to provide information every time I visit a Starbucks store and connect to WiFi?
If I have multiple Starbucks Cards registered to my account, does that mean I will receive a Birthday Reward for each one?
Now that the Starbucks for Life game has ended, when will I receive my prize or be notified if I won the sweepstakes?
Link to a URLHow do I order ahead in the Starbucks Mobile app? - Video Tutorial
Why are customers required to enter information in order to access WiFi?
Can I manage my Starbucks Card account on my smartphone?
Why does the Starbucks Mobile app request access to my contacts?
With the lobby area being closed during the COVID-19 outbreak, how can I return merchandise?
Can I earn Stars at Starbucks Roastery, Reserve and Princi locations when I pay with cash, credit or debit cards?
What steps is Starbucks taking in response to COVID-19?
Why is indoor dining not available in my store?
How are Stars calculated?
Has anything changed with Double Star Days?
Can I still qualify to earn Bonus Stars if I made an eligible purchase and then opted into the offer afterwards?
What if a customer is not following social distancing practices at my store?
How will I be notified that I have a Pick Your Perk available?
What is Mobile Order & Pay?
Are lids required on hot and iced beverages?
How many Stars will I earn if I reload my Starbucks Card with my Starbucks Rewards™ Visa® Prepaid Card?
What are Bonus Stars, and how do I earn them?
Why aren’t all my Starbucks® Rewards  offers appearing in the mobile app?
How do I access Mobile Order & Pay?
How do I use a Pick Your Perk?
When will I receive special offers and discounts?
How do I know how much closer I am towards earning Stars for a Bonus Star Challenge?
Why do product recommendations show up within the Starbucks mobile app?
I exchanged my gift card for a Starbucks Card eGift, but have not received it yet. What should I do?
I have a Grey Bodum Recycled Coffee Press that was recalled, what do I do?
Where can I apply for the Starbucks Rewards™ Visa® Card?
I am getting an error that says the code has expired. What do I do?
Why am I being asked to have my temperature checked and provide contact information to enter a store?
What is considered close prolonged contact?
How many Stars do I earn when paying with my Starbucks® Rewards Visa® Card?
How will the information I enter to access store WiFi be used?
Why are partners required to wear facial coverings?
Where can I locate my offers in the app?
Now that I can earn Stars when paying with a credit card, do I need to keep preloading my Starbucks Card with my Starbucks® Rewards Visa® Card?
What is a verification code?
Can I purchase Starbucks Cards in bulk at my local Starbucks store?
Will Starbucks still be in compliance with ADA requirements by getting rid of straws?
Why don’t I see all the offers that I have previously received in the “Past Offers” tab?
How do I complete the Starbucks Rewards™ Visa® Prepaid Card 125 Bonus Stars Reload offer?
Does Starbucks® Pickup have bathrooms and/or seating?
I have a Teavana Glass Tea Tumbler that was recalled, what do I do?
Can I customize my Pick Your Perk?
Will the information I provide to access store WiFi be shared or sold?
Does ordering ahead require a different app than the standard Starbucks app?
When will users need to use 2-Factor Authentication?
I have a Teavana Flip Tumbler that was recalled, what do I do?
Do I need to sign up for Starbucks Rewards on the app or on the website? Is there a difference between using the app or the website?
I have a Teavana Tristan Glass Pitcher that was recalled, what do I do?
Are there any rules for writing Starbucks blog comments?
How do I track the Rewards earned for my Bonus Star Challenge?
How is Starbucks® Pickup different than my local Starbucks cafe?
Will the use of any Starbucks Card registered to me count toward my program benefits?
How many Stars do I earn when paying with my  Starbucks Rewards™ Visa® Prepaid Card?
Where else can I find Teavana tea?
What are all of the benefits I could receive if I sign up for the Starbucks Rewards™ Visa® Card?
Where can I use my Pick Your Perk?
How many times can I add the same modifier to a drink order when using Mobile Order & Pay?
I am trying to enroll in 2-Factor Authentication but am getting an error. What am I doing wrong?
Will I earn Stars when I travel? What currency will be used to calculate the Stars I earn?
Why did you limit the number of times I can add a single modifier to my Mobile Order & Pay beverage order?
If I log in to the Coffee Passport with my facebook or Google account, will Starbucks have access to my account?
I am enrolled in 2-Factor Authentication but am getting an error. What am I doing wrong?
How do text message one-time verification codes work for 2-Factor Authentication?
What are all of the benefits I could receive if I sign up for the Starbucks Rewards™ Visa® Prepaid Card?
Can I consolidate my Starbucks Card balances?
What are all the ways to earn Stars with Starbucks Rewards?
What if I do not have a mobile phone to use with 2-Factor Authentication?
I've received a notice in my Starbucks Mobile app or email asking to protect my account with 2-Factor Authentication. What is this?
Link to a URLHow do I find and activate my Offers using the Starbucks app? - Video Tutorial
Do I have to be a Starbucks Rewards® member to use Starbucks® Pickup?
Can I access my digital Coffee Passport offline?
I can't find the Search function on Starbucks.com. How do I search the website?
Can I use my primary phone number for various Starbucks 2-Factor Authentication accounts?
Do Starbucks Rewards™ members need to enter information to access WiFi?
Why do I see a delay in the ‘Opt-In’ offer status being reflected in the app?
Will baristas be at Starbucks® Pickup?
How does Starbucks manage personal information?
Do all stores accept new ways to pay?
Why does the Starbucks app request my location?
Why is Starbucks adding more ways to pay and earn Stars?
Will accessing WiFi update the communication preferences of Starbucks Rewards™ members?
How do I submit a data privacy request to Starbucks?
Can I redeem my Rewards in Puerto Rico?
What is Juneteenth and why is Starbucks celebrating it?
Will stores be closed in observance of Juneteenth?
I live in California, how do I submit a data privacy request per the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)?
What is the address of Starbucks® Pickup in Penn Plaza?
Will Google Assistant make recommendations to me about what I might like?
Can I have multiple devices linked to my 2-Factor Authentication?
What devices and platforms are supported with 2-Factor Authentication?
